Config upload (#26)
datapao/dac: README.md

}
```

#### Sending config during run

> After starting the UI, config files can still by send in. To submit a new configuration, use the `ui_uri:port/config` REST API endpoint: send the configuration as `json` payload in a `POST` request. Please note that currently the whole configuration must be submitted, the old one will be replaced.

Reviewer: ff
```suggestion
After starting the UI, config files can still be added by HTTP send in. To submit a new configuration, use the `ui_uri:port/config` REST API endpoint: send the configuration as a `json` payload in a `POST` request. Please note that currently the whole configuration must be submitted, the old configuration will be replaced.
```

Author: Fixed.

Submission example using python:
```python
import requests

> config = { ... }

Reviewer: Please add a dummy config, so people know what is the root tag of the json and what is expected specifically

Author: Added.
